Sheragi fighters and minor rebalancing (#5444)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/sheragi/sheragi ships.txt

	turret "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret "Particle Waveform Turret"
	turret "Sheragi Anti-Missile"
	turret "Sheragi Anti-Missile"
	gun "Dragonflame Cannon"

ship "Black Diamond"
	sprite "ship/blackdiamond"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/blackdiamond"
	attributes
		category "Fighter"
		"cost" 200000
		"shields" 600
		"hull" 2400
		"automaton" 1
		"mass" 50
		"drag" .9
		"heat dissipation" .86
		"outfit space" 152
		"weapon capacity" 35
		"engine capacity" 38
		weapon
			"blast radius" 24
			"shield damage" 240
			"hull damage" 120
			"hit force" 360
	outfits
		"Heavy Ion Cyclotron"
		"Shard Fabricator" 2
		
		"Electronic Warfare System"
		"Small EM Battery"
		"Small Hybrid Cooling"
		
		"Fission Drive"
	
	gun 0 -39.5 "Heavy Ion Cyclotron"
	gun 22 -7.5 "Shard Fabricator"
	gun -22 -7.5 "Shard Fabricator"
	"engine" 0 38
		zoom 1.3
		over
	"steering engine" 27 22
		zoom 0.3
		angle 225
		over
		right
	"steering engine" 27 2
		zoom 0.3
		angle 315
		over
		left
	"steering engine" -27 22
		zoom 0.3
		angle 135
		over
		left
	"steering engine" -27 2
		zoom 0.3
		angle 45
		over
		right
	explode "tiny explosion" 10
	explode "small explosion" 20
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description "The Sheragi, being too large to effectively pilot ships this small, invested heavily on the development of autonomous fighters. The hardware that controls this isn't much more complex than the combat drones in human space, but it is much bigger, and the lack of life support systems and amenities for a pilot allows it to carry much more extra outfits."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The Sheragi, being too large to effectively pilot ships this small, invested heavily in the development of autonomous fighters. The hardware that controls this isn't much more complex than the combat drones in human space, but it is bigger, and the lack of life support systems and amenities for a pilot allows it to carry extra outfitting space."
```
Triple `more`, and two of those were `much more`. If you don't like this rewrite, I'd definitely still recommend removing/substituting some words in the last sentence to get rid of the repetitiveness.
